Benchmark results v0.8.0 (#542)
PyVRP/PyVRP: docs/source/setup/benchmarks.rst

     -
     -
     -
     - 0.71% [#note3]_

.. rubric:: Notes

.. [#note1]

>    In v0.8.0, we have simplified the local search algorithm to contain less operators, causing the "no-improvement" stopping criteria to be reached much more quickly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   In v0.8.0, we have simplified the local search algorithm to contain fewer operators, causing the "no-improvement" stopping criterion to be reached much more quickly.
```
